ZACHARY JACELON
Gordon St, St.Augustine, Trinidad C: 752-3908 | Z_charlesjacelon@yahoo.com

Summary
To work in a progressive, people oriented environment utilizing job training and skills learned achieving the organization's goals.

Highlights
Store maintenance		Safety Oriented
Friendly and Outgoing	Multi-tasker
Team player		Customer-service focused
Organized		Natural leader
Determined		Adaptable
Basic Math Skills		Receiving
Flexible			Spoilage control
Attention to details		Kitchen safety

Experience
Kitchen Assistant		December 2015 to April 2016
Coloz - One Woodbrook Place - Woodbrook, Port of Spain, Trinidad
Measured, mixed and prepped raw materials according to company specifications. Maintained safe and sanitary area by checking food produxts' temperature and freshness. Prepared for each shift by placing a clean cutting board and utensil bath at workstation. Set up andperformed initil prep work for food items such as soups, sauces and salads. Correctly andsafely operated all kitchen equipment in accordance with set guidelines.

Merchandiser/Pusher	April 2011 to March 2013
Xtra Foods - Grand Bizarre, Trinidad
Designed displays to make the store experience interactive and engaging. Arranged items in favorable positions and areas of the store for optimal sales. Displayed the appropriate signage for products and sales promotions. Upheld stock levels and proper pricing for multiple product lines. Established and maintained proper high traffic displays, resulting in increased sales. Assisted in gathering and moving materials and equipment for the assigned displays. Effectively communicated and coordinated xecution of the planograms with store management. Printed various labels and tags for all merchandise.

Sales Clerk		December 2010 t0 March 2011
Cache' - Westmall, Westmoorings, Port of Spain, Trinidad
Met incoming customers and provided immediate assistance. Listened to customer needs and preferences to provide accurate advice. Retrieved alternate items and sizes on request. Organized items in visually appealing manner. Provided expert product and service information.

Sales Clerk		July 2010 to August 2010
Blez Tech Video Club - Diego Martin, Trinidad
Recommended and helped customers select merchandise based on their needs. Exchanged returned merchandise for customers quickly and efficiently. Confirmed that appropriate changes were made to resolve customers' problems. Informed customers about sales and promotions in a friendly and engaging manner. Kept the showroom cleaned and maintained neat, orderly product displays.

Education
St. Anthony's College - Morne Coco Road, Westmoorings, Diego Martin, Trinidad.
Mathematics
English		III
Electronics
History
Technical Drawing	III
Computer
Physical Education	III

Certificate of Completion, Computer Literacy	2010
School of Business and Computer Science - Picton Street, Woodbrook, Port of Spain, Trinidad
Computer Literacy - Introduction to the principles of Data Protection
How computers work
Intermediate Microsoft and Windows XP
Introduction to Microsoft Word, Excel, Access and Power Point


References
Colin/Andrea Burkett, Owners
Coloz - One Woodbrook Place
Phone contact: 726 - 3030

Mr. Capil, Supervisor
Xtra Foods - Grand Bizarre
Phone contact: 662 - 8151

Charmaine, Store Manager
Cache' - Westmall
Phone contact: 633 - 5907
                       